---
title: Crushes
categories: [personal]
tags: [love, people]
---
<!-- {% raw %} -->
<!-- {% include refc-small.html text="ref commit" commit="3cad965..." %} -->
<!-- {% include ref-commit.html text="ref commit" commit="3cad965..." %} -->
<!-- {% endraw %} -->
*Note:* This isn't about me, but it's about people that I know, people who I care about,
so regardless of how silly it is, I'm going to use fake names here (I'm still Albert though!).

Crushes are confusing and weird. Like, just conceptually.

When I was a kid a crush was this crazy, super important thing that deserves all the attention
I could give it. In middle school it was this thing I thought about when I was bored.
Then, in high school, crushes were the thing that made me the happiest and also the saddest.
A little of that seeped its way into college, but it gradually faded, and now I think
I'm back to where I was in middle school.

What's weird to me though, is that even as I've gotten older, the concept itself
hasn't lost any of its novelty. Even though the same kind of emotions have happened
in every crush I've had, and I can pretty confidently say that all the crushes I've
had in the past were just the result of immaturity or boredom or puberty,
the concept itself doesn't seem to lose that "this is meant to be" feeling.

I don't think that this effect is unique to just me, and this is what I'd like to
talk about today. Our characters are Delaney, the sad boi, Jonathan, the old love interest,
Ritchie, the new love interest, Sara, the gossip, and Albert, the confessing bystander.

This year has been rough for Delaney. She broke up with her best friend, Jonathan,
a few months ago, and recently she's developed feelings for one of her friends, Ritchie.

-  Delaney
   -  Still loves Jonathan
   -  But now has a crush on Ritchie
   -  Thinks Ritchie knows, because Sara (One of Ritchie's best friends) knew
      where she was going to work over the summer without Delany telling her
   -  Feels the need to be in a crush on *somebody* because otherwise it's boring
   -  Has asked Ritchie to hang out multiple times, and he's always busy, except
      when hanging out in a group
-  Ritchie
   -  Knows Delaney likes him
   -  Doesn't know anything about Jocelyn
   -  Probably doesn't like Delaney
-  Sara
   -  Knows Delany likes Ritchie
   -  Knows why Ritchie knows
   -  Has the *exact* same mindset about crushes as Delaney; that is, thinks having a crush
      on somebody is way more interesting than not
-  Albert
   - Mostly confused as to why this needs to be in the notes
